since times are not hidden from the
Almighty why do those who know him see
not his days some removed landmarks they
cease flocks violently and feed on them
they drive away the donkey of the
fatherless they take the widow's arks as
a pledge they pushed the needy off the
road all the poor of the land are forced
to hide indeed like wild donkeys in the
desert they go out to their work
searching for food the wilderness yields
food for them and for their children
they gather their father in the field
and glean in the vineyard of the wicked
they spend the night naked without
clothing and have no Coverley in the
cold there went with the showers of the
mountains and huddled around the rock
for want of shelter some snatched the
fatherless from the breasts and take a
pledge from the poor they cost the poor
to go naked without clothing and they
take away the sheaves from the hungry
they press out oil within their walls
and tread wine presses yet suffered
thirst the dying grown in the city and
the soles of the wounded cry out yet God
does not charge them with wrong
there are those who the bell against the
light they do not know its ways not
abide in its paths the murderer rises
with the light he kills the poor and
needy and in the night he is like a
thief the eye of the adulterer wait for
the Twilight saying no I will see me and
he disguises his face in the dark they
break into houses which they mark for
themselves in the daytime they do not
know the light for the morning is the
same to them as the shadow of death if
someone recognizes them they are in the
terrors of the shadow of death
they should be swift on the face of the
waters their portion should be cursed in
the earth so that no one would turn into
the way of their vineyards as drought
and heat consumed snow waters so the
grave consumes those who have sinned the
womb should forget him the worm should
feed sweetly on him he should be
remembered no more and wickedness be
broken like a tree for he preys on the
barren who cannot bear and does no good
for the widow
but God draws the mighty away with his
power he rises up but no man is short of
life he gives them security and they
rely on it his eyes are on their ways
they are exalted for a little while and
they're gone
they are brought low they are taken out
of the way like all others they dry out
like the heads of grain now if it is not
so who will prove me a liar and make my
speech worse than nothing